would you rather listen to Josh Groban
or have diarrhea ladled into your ear
hard choice am i right
at triple-m candy yams would like to let
me know that drake looks like Voldemort
with hair Oh Lady Gaga fragrance that it
smells like trying to use the word hate
less often
here goes I thoroughly disliked Sam
Smith Jessie J looks like she takes
giant stinky ones to cue Blake Shelton
and you inbred him let's face it the
girls from Ohio are ugliest and perform
like their orgasming I kind of like that
Hey look at you and it's still ugly
Wiz Khalifa looks like a homeless woman
I really want to just flick Iggy
azalea's stupid mall off her face and
into the bin pitbull is starting to
groan kidding I hope his voice box gets
destroyed by a gorilla SIA sounds like
she has a mouth full of full of childish
gambino looks like he tried to suck his
own a few times
that's fair the weather in New York City
right now is like a young Britney Spears
pretty hot kind of gross I'd rather
listen to an auto-ship
auto-tuned queef play it on a continuous
loop Jason Aldean sounds like his got
stuck in his sister out
I'd rather bathe in my own vomit they
can go see 5 seconds of summer tour Katy
Perry has a voice that reminds me of
balls covered in glass sliding down my
throat Gangnam style is so not knowing
like JFC I wanna shove a stick up sized
ass so he cannot dance anymore you can
do it but I still can't dance
I would rather chop my arm off and
myself with my detach limb and watch
Katy Perry the movie what the is
wrong with the world Terry Terry